["Somebody's
Watching Me" playing]
[toys whirring]
[video game chiming]
[man in game exclaiming]
Second star!
♪ I'm just an average man ♪
♪ With an average life ♪
♪ I work from nine to five ♪
[woman] Everybody, I'm home!
♪ All I want
Is to be left alone... ♪
[woman] Oh, hey.
Don't forget we're going out
with your folks tonight.
Oh, shit. [sighs]
Where are we going?
Well, it's your mom's birthday.
-Damn it.
-So I assume
she's expecting Magnolia.
-[scoffs] Magnolia?
-Mm-hm.
It's Friday.
We'll never get in there now.
[woman sighs]
[video game beeping]
-[indistinct distorted voice]
-[glitching]
-[grunting]
-[device continues glitching]
[electricity crackles]
[squelching]
[sighs] You do realize
you're a terrible son.
I know I'm the worst.
[laughing]
[squelching]
What's going on?
What the hell?
[squelching continues]
[deep growling]
Anthony...
[snarling]
[woman screams]
[growls]
[woman screaming]
Mom?
[woman groaning]
[stairs creaking softly]
[objects clinking and clanging]
[snarls and growls]
[girl panting]
-[heavy breathing]
-[lock clicks]
[footsteps approaching]
[doorknob rattling]
[low growl]
-[screaming]
-[roaring]
[theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[officer] You have
the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford
an attorney, one will be
appointed for you.
[officer 2] There he is.
Move it.
-[guns cocking]
-Hands behind your head.
Get down on your knees.
[reporter] The sudden
death of Alexander Luthor
continues to shock the world
as Superboy is detained
in connection with
Luthor's death.
[officer 1] Let's go.
[reporter] An official
statement from LexCorp
does indeed confirm
that Superboy is and I quote,
"a genetic aberration,"
a weaponized combination
of Superman
and the late Lex Luthor's
genetic material.
[device beeps]
-[groans]
-[energy pulsating]
[reporter]
Developed as a weapon,
and with great regret,
it seems he has
become just that.
In this journalist's opinion,
I see a rush to judgement
against a young man that
wears a symbol of justice.
Let me hope that in Metropolis,
once the facts are known,
he can still receive it.
Oh, shit.
Uh, Dick?
[man] You know what,
I'm glad he killed Lex Luthor.
Did the world a favor.
[woman] I heard he's some
sort of medical experiment...
[multiple voices overlapping]
I can hear them.
People outside,
what they're
saying about me.
[chains rattling]
I didn't kill him, Dick.
It happened the way
I said it did.
I know.
We're gonna get you
out of here, Conner.
And find the people
who did this.
[indistinct radio chatter]
I've never seen
anything like that.
I didn't know that
kind of power existed.
He was terrified.
No one should die like that.
Not even Lex Luthor.
How are they
treating you in here?
[Conner chuckles]
Besides the Kryptonite?
Like I'm a murderer.
Like I'm the weapon
I was created to be.
[scoffs]
Lex was right.
All it takes is one mistake,
and you're the villain.
[Kory] You didn't
make a mistake.
You didn't do anything wrong.
And PD is just holding you
here until they figure out
what happened.
This isn't over.
Dick...
-I--
-[intercom buzzes]
[woman over PA]
Mr. Grayson, Miss Anders,
time is up.
We need to question it.
His name is Conner.
[sighs] This is bullshit.
You don't have
to answer anything.
[chuckles] Yeah...
I do.
It's okay.
I was born in a tube.
I'm used to being
kept in a cage.
-[sighs]
-[intercom buzzes]
[woman] Mr. Grayson, we need--
Yeah, I heard you
the first time!
[Kory] Okay. All right.
Let's go.
[Dick] You know, part of me
wants to tell Conner
to just break out
of this fucking place.
[Kory] Hey, cool off.
Conner's doing
what he needs to.
Now it's our turn.
We need to find the person
that killed Lex Luthor.
And I'm gonna stay
on Conner, make sure
he knows he's not alone.
-[phone beeps]
-I gotta show you something.
[Kory] What?
You sneaking
pics of me, Grayson?
I wish.
Lex Luthor.
When Conner got arrested,
I did a brute-force hack
on his personal computer.
I found some of these
and an address.
Why was he watching me?
I don't know.
Wanna find out?
I'm bringing Rachel
to Lex's penthouse.
See what she can find.
-Good magic versus bad magic?
-[Dick scoffs]
Bruce never thought
there was any difference.
Based on what Conner saw,
I'm starting to understand why.
[sighs]
-[phone beeps]
-Address sent.
Okay.
Kory, be careful.
-It could--
-Be a trap. What's new?
[Tim] Hear the one sound
in the noise, they say.
All right.
[sighs]
Okay. [exhales]
Just... just hear the one
sound in the noise, Tim.
[twigs snapping]
Oh, Jesus!
[heavy breathing]
[softly] Come on.
[low growling]
-[Gar roars]
-Oh! Jesus!
-[cackling]
-[gasping] I thought...
You were behind me, man.
-I know.
-Oh, my...
Should've seen your face.
[breathing heavily]
When you're tracking someone,
don't lock into what you heard.
-[exhales]
-Keep your senses open.
Everything in the environment
has a message.
[Gar laughs]
I would appreciate
if you didn't tell Dick
I almost pissed myself.
-Done. [chuckles]
-[exhales]
-Oh, Jesus
-[voices echoing]
[Gar] Did you hear that?
What?
[female voice] Gar...
-Wait here.
-Gar?
Gar? Hey, wait!
[female voice] Give up.
[breathing heavily]
[voices echoing]
Gar!
[low growl]
[voices echoing]
[low growling]
[roaring]
[crackling]
[automated voice]
Access denied.
[man] Come on.
Incorrect password.
Access denied.
[groans]
[man] Come on.
Come on, come on!
-[Kory] For an evil lair...
-[gasps]
that's a pretty weak lock.
I bet you're wondering
why I'm here.
And what I know.
I know this is one
of Lex's little tree houses.
I know...
[grunts]
...that my friend Conner
has been accused
of murdering him.
And that's bullshit.
-And I know Luthor
has been researching me.
-[choking]
Since you're here,
I'm going to assume
you know why.
My name is Nelson Blake.
[groans]
I didn't ask you that.
And I'm done
asking any questions.
Speak.
It wasn't just Luthor.
[shakily] The whole LexCorp
inner circle died last night,
choking on their own blood.
I'm the only one
who's still alive.
[grunts] I came here
looking for answers.
I don't know why Luthor
was researching you.
Maybe... maybe he thought
you could help him.
Help him with what?
Nelson...
[choking]
There is absolutely nothing
LexCorp can do to you later
that I won't do
to you right now.
[grunting]
Help him with what?
Okay. [gasps]
Luthor's illness changed him.
He withdrew.
None of us had any
personal contact with him
for over a year.
[heavy breathing]
It was rumored he got
caught up in the occult.
Surrounded himself
with a bunch of advisers.
He stopped fighting
the disease and started
fighting death itself.
[sighs]
What kind of advisers?
Doctors. Healers.
Some archaeologist woman.
[muffled screaming]
[people chanting indistinctly]
-Nelson?
-Do you hear that?
Hear what?
It... it sounds like chanting.
[gags]
[Nelson choking]
Nelson?
[groans]
Help me. Please!
[groaning]
[choking]
[hissing]
Gross.
All right, let's go.
We've gotta be quick.
They cleaned
the crime scene.
Whatever happened here,
they wanna hide it.
They can't hide it from me.
Yeah, Conner was right.
Someone used magic.
How do you know?
Because all magic
leaves a trace.
In the physical world,
things pass.
But beyond the veil,
things remain...
like echoes.
So, I should be
able to get a sense
of whoever did this.
This is where Alexander died.
[pulsating]
[faint screaming]
[Dick, muffled] Rachel...
-Rachel!
-[gasps]
What did you see?
I don't know who did it,
but I've seen
where they've been.
Come on.
Gar.
-Gar?
-[gasps] I heard voices
in my head.
[birds cawing]
Did you see anything?
No...
You ran off,
and then I found you here.
[Gar breathing shakily]
What did the voices say?
I--
Not sure.
[cell phone vibrating]
Dick wants us
to meet him and Rachel.
Gar?
Yeah.
[Sebastian] Mom,
what're you doing?
Come on. You're supposed
to stay off that leg
-a couple more weeks they told.
-Okay. Sebastian. Okay!
-[sighing] Oh.
-Okay.
[exhales deeply]
Oh. So, how is Julie?
You never bring her by.
I like her.
-Mom--
-She's good for you.
Julie's busy, Mom.
She sends her love though.
Well, a good man deserves
a good woman by his side.
-Yeah?
-[TV playing]
I want to be a great man, Mom.
[coughing]
Oh. [sniffs]
[coughs, sniffles]
[woman on TV] I find that
its crumbly texture really
holds up in--
Yes, I said that Miss Miller
is in the audience looking
very pretty in a red hat.
-man 1: I see it.
-man 2: Oh, there she is, yeah.
I didn't tell you, Mom.
I've got a big meeting
coming up.
-Oh?
-About my
interactive experience.
I'm close
to finding the funding.
I think they really understand
what I'm trying to do.
Anyway, if it works out--
There's nothing my Sabby
can't do when he puts
his mind to it. Hm?
-[laughs]
-[chuckles] Mom...
Oh. Already seen this one.
Yeah, but it's a good one.
[man on TV] ...you got
my number, Miss Miller.
Thanks, Mom.
-This is what I saw.
-In your vision?
That address, this house.
Stay close. We don't know
what we're gonna find.
[Tim] She has visions?
She didn't tell me
she had visions.
["Mr. Sandman" playing]
♪ I'm so alone... ♪
[door opens]
♪ Don't have nobody
To call my own ♪
♪ Please turn on
Your magic beam ♪
♪ Mr. Sandman
Bring me a dream ♪
[door closes]
♪ Mr. Sandman
Bring me a dream ♪
♪ Make him the cutest
That I've ever seen ♪
♪ Give him the word
That I'm not a rover ♪
♪ Then tell him that his
Lonesome nights are over... ♪
[chandelier clinking softly]
♪ I'm so alone ♪
♪ Don't have nobody
To call my own ♪
♪ Please turn on
Your magic beam ♪
[Dick] Rachel.
What do you sense?
[faint echoes of screaming]
Loss.
-♪ Mr. Sandman♪
- ♪ Yes? ♪
♪ Bring us a dream ♪
♪ Give him a pair of eyes ♪
♪ With a come-hither gleam
Give him... ♪
[music stops]
Dick.
Oh.
Oh, Jesus!
[breathes shakily]
Go watch the front door.
-Hey. You heard him, buddy.
-Mm-hm.
They got it from here. Come on.
[soft rattling]
[Rachel] You heard that?
[thudding]
[girl shrieks]
[door creaking]
Rachel!
I think she's in shock.
She might be seizing.
[whimpering]
Hey.
No, she's in a nightmare.
He left her this way.
[gasping]
I'm calling the paramedics.
[whimpering]
No! No, no, no, wait.
I can help her.
Trust me.
All right.
[indistinct chanting]
[girl whimpering]
[girl screams]
[wind blowing]
[breathing heavily]
It's okay. It's okay.
My name is Raven. What's yours?
Aria.
Hi, Aria.
Mommy and Dad?
I know. Hey, everything
is gonna be all right.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
[objects clattering]
It's him.
[metal bucket clangs]
[gulping]
Bone-faced man.
[shushing softly]
Okay. I won't let him hurt you.
-Okay?
-[metal clinking]
[man mumbling]
[distorted voice]
Just... stand up.
[shushing]
[whispering] You're okay.
Shh.
[Aria screams]
[screaming]
Who are you?
[roaring]
[continues screaming]
Dick, what's happening?
[screaming]
[panting]
Show me you face. [straining]
[roaring]
[choking]
Rachel!
[Rachel grunts]
[screaming]
-[gasping]
-Raven! [panting]
Wrap your hands around me!
[gasps]
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey. You're okay?
I saw him in the nightmare.
The man that killed Luthor.
I didn't see his face.
He's not far, but I don't know
where he's hiding.
That sound, I never heard
anything like that.
I have. It's the sound
of dying animals.
You're safe. You're safe.
[whispering] You're safe.
[Conner]
Luthor had files on you?
[Kory] Yeah.
I preferred a world
where Lex Luthor
and I weren't a thing.
Something violating
about knowing
he was watching me.
If you wanted
a window into his mind,
I could give you one.
He mentioned me?
No, but part of me knows
how he thinks.
He is my father.
Lay it on me.
Lex was dying.
Dying men are careful
with their time.
Sounds like he invested
a lot of time into you, Kory.
Lex Luthor would never
invest anything
without expecting a return.
That doesn't make me feel
any better.
I didn't want it to.
Whatever this is...
whatever he was doing,
he believed that you
were connected to it.
If I were you,
I'd spend a lot of time
thinking about how.
You can take
the Luthor hat off now.
You're not him.
You have two fathers.
Never forget that.
Two fathers...
one creator...
made in his image.
I can hear everything
that people here say about me.
They will never
let me forget what I am.
Dick and Rachel
are going to find out
who is responsible for this.
[scoffs]
Look me in the eye and tell me
that will make a difference
to the people outside.
You don't owe them
a fucking thing.
[intercom buzzes]
[woman on PA] Miss Anders.
-Visitation time is up.
-[sighs]
[Kory] I'll stay
if you want me to.
They'll have to drag me
out of here, and we both know
what'll happen.
No, it's okay.
Better play by the rules.
See where that gets you.
Kory.
Maybe you didn't find
Lex's secret.
Maybe you found him
searching for yours.
[Sebastian] I think
you'll find the retention rate
will exceed expectation.
And as the game continues,
it gets progressively
more difficult.
Think Tetris,
but on a infinitely
larger scale.
With your fiscal support,
of course.
[sighs]
[chuckles softly]
Hm.
Uh... [exhales]
The world is...
is a brutal place.
It's... [chuckles]
It's cruel. Yeah.
People all...
all smashed up...
against each other,
millions of miles apart.
We don't share anything.
We're all so alone.
Mr. Sanger, forgive me, but...
It looks like
you're just moving shapes
around the screen.
I think I speak
for my colleagues when I say,
I'm not certain
where this is competitive.
Well, it's not. I mean
not directly competitive.
[sighs]
The goal is...
The goal is not
to foster competition
amongst gamers,
it's to build community.
Mr. Sanger,
your presentation
was well told.
-And we love how passionate
you are about your idea.
-Yeah. Mm-hm.
But I'm going to change
the world.
I just need your help.
I'm certain you are.
It's just... not a great fit
for us at this time.
We're in a competitive market,
Mr. Sanger.
You have passion
but we need more than that.
Mr. Sanger.
Okay.
Maybe he went
to change the world.
[all laughing]
Sushi for lunch?
[door slams]
[metal rings]
Slaughterhouse.
Dying animals.
He's here, somewhere... close.
Did the knives
and the blood bowl
give it away?
Starfire and I run point.
Rachel, keep sharp.
[chains clinking]
Collecting their blood.
[Rachel] Come out, come out,
wherever you are.
Where are you?
[growls]
It's Aria's father.
[coughs]
He's alive.
-Help me get him down.
-[Starfire] Oh, gosh.
[grunts]
-This guy's alive too.
Tim, give me a hand.
-Got it.
Can you hear me? Hey.
We got you, buddy.
I know you're here.
Come out.
[breathing heavily]
[distorted voice]
-[Rachel panting]
-[snarling]
[screams]
Get fucked.
Rachel.
Who are you?
[grunts]
[man screaming]
Rachel?
-Rachel.
-[gasps]
-It's okay. It's okay, it's me.
-He did that to himself.
I didn't do that to him.
He did it to himself.
It's done now.
That's all that matters.
No more nightmares.
[voices echoing]
What's wrong?
[voices continue echoing]
[echoing stops]
Um...
For a second, I felt...
something or someone.
[breathing heavily]
It's gone now.
When the cops are done
with this place,
they should burn it
to the fucking ground.
[sizzling]
[man speaking indistinctly
on TV]
Mom?
Mom. I didn't--
- [man on TV] And you
have one child, right?
- [woman] One child.
- [man] And you live
in San Diego?
- [woman] Right.
[TV playing indistinctly]
[woman] You are the son, yes?
[sighs] We tried to reach you.
She passed this morning.
I'm so sorry.
Take all the time
you need here.
Again, I'm so sorry,
Mr. Sanger.
[sighs]
[Sebastian screaming]
[screaming]
[indistinct chatter]
[knocks at door]
Hey.
Doctors say
your father will be okay.
Just needs
a little bit more time.
My mom...
Nobody will tell me
what happened to her.
But I saw her.
I know what happened.
I lost both my parents
when I was about your age.
What I remember
is how cold everything felt.
No matter what I did
to get warm...
I couldn't.
And then a very strong man
wrapped his jacket around me.
This jacket.
He told me... that time
would make things better.
And it did. Here.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
The girl that found me...
Rachel.
She used magic
like the nightmare man?
No, Aria, nothing like him.
You see there's good magic
and bad magic.
The good magic always wins.
And keep the jacket.
[sighs]
[reporter] Conner Kent,
also known as Superboy,
has been exonerated
from any responsibility
in the death
of Alexander Luthor Jr.
While Mr. Kent was in custody
for a crime he did not commit,
LexCorp has evaded all inquiry
into the circumstances
around Luthor's death.
A death that was
an apparent homicide
still without
official definition.
[Dick] We know
who killed Lex Luthor.
Everyone knows
you're innocent now.
Arthur Homewood, Lex Luthor's
personal physician.
He promised him a lot more
than just a cure.
He trusted a madman.
Whatever power
Luthor was buying,
looks like Dr. Homewood
wanted to keep it for himself.
I knew
what people said about Lex.
What he did to me.
I just...
I never thought
he was capable of this.
[scoffs]
You're not him, Conner.
No matter how much
he wanted you to be.
[sighs]
I never want to come back
to Metropolis again.
[upbeat music playing]
[Rachel] No, he's got two.
It's your turn.
-[Gar] Okay.
Can I use this now?
-[Rachel] Yes.
-Let's go.
-What do you think
is the better play here?
[grunts]
-It's just a seven.
-[laughs]
-[Rachel] Choose color.
-[Gar] Yellow.
[indistinct chatter]
You okay?
Deathstroke and evil
Jason were one thing,
but what was
in that slaughterhouse...
No more stops
until we get to San Francisco.
We leave all that behind us.
And when all that shit
stops getting to you,
that's when you know
you got a problem.
Is that when one starts
dressing like a bat?
[Tim laughs] Come on.
I'll quit then.
We're not alone.
[tires screeching]
Why is it never easy
to leave this town?
[electricity crackling]
[cars alarm blaring]
This is just a hunch,
but I'm gonna assume
she's a bad guy.
-She killed Lex.
-Are you certain?
It's not over till we stop her.
-Then let's finish this.
-Suit up.
Conner, wait!
[yells]
[groaning]
[grunts]
-Check on Rachel.
-I got it.
Rachel?
[weapons clanging]
[grunts]
[growls]
[groans]
[yells]
[grunts]
[panting]
[groaning]
[groans softly]
[Tim] Beast Boy!
[Kory groans]
Breathe.
-Just breathe.
-[gasps]
What happened?
You saved our ass.
Saved us from whom?
-Rachel.
-Nightwing!
-What did she do to her?
No.
[sirens wailing]
[thumps]
Azarath, Metrion, Zinthos!
[all chanting]
Azarath, Metrion, Zinthos.
Azarath, Metrion, Zinthos!
Azarath, Metrion...
["Lonely Friday Night" playing]
♪ I have nobody ♪
♪ To kiss and hold me tight ♪
♪ I need somebody ♪
♪ Then things should be
All right... ♪
[song fading]
[people chanting]
Azarath, Metrion, Zinthos!
[theme music playing]